MTA-2239 _ MTA 7.0.3 Release Notes (#869)
windup/windup-documentation: docs/topics/mta-rn-known-issues-7-0-3.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * docs/release_notes/master.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="rn-known-issues-7-0-3_{context}"]
= Known issues

> {ProductFullName} version 7.0.3 has the following known issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This part provides known issues present in {ProductFullName} version 7.0.3:
```

.IntelliJ IDE plugin Keymap actions do not work
// Scheduled to be fixed in 7.0.3. Move this to resolved issues once fixed?

> In order to automate {ProductShortName}, the IntelliJ IDE plugin Keymap actions must work. They currently do not work.  link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-2460[(MTA-2460)]

Reviewer: Attempted to reword, not sure if technically correct. Also, would be great to add some more details. For example, what caused this issue.

```suggestion
The IntelliJ IDE plugin Keymap actions do not work which prevents the {ProductShortName} automation. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-2460[(MTA-2460)]
```

> .Eclipse IDE cannot run {ProductShortName} analysis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Eclipse IDE cannot run the {ProductShortName} analysis
```

// Get more information

> Eclipse IDE cannot run {ProductShortName} plugin and perform analysis. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-2563[(MTA-2563)]

Reviewer: Are there more details that would be appreciated by the user? Now this description just sort of copies what is already said in the RN title. 

```suggestion
Eclipse IDE cannot run the {ProductShortName} plugin and perform application analysis. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-2563[(MTA-2563)]
```

> .Analysis fails on MacOS

Reviewer: What kind of analysis? Would be good to specify

// Moved to resolved issues once fixed?

> Running the `analyze` command on a MacOS machine does not work when Podman does not have enough memory. The analysis failed with timeout, without returning an error. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the `analyze` command on a MacOS machine does not work when Podman does not have enough memory. The analysis fails with timeout, without returning an error. 
```

> Running the `analyze` command on a MacOS machine does not work when Podman does not have enough memory. The analysis failed with timeout, without returning an error. 
> 
> Workaround: Set Podman memory to at least 4GB. Podman on MacOS sets default memory to 2GB, which is not enough to run {ProductShortName}. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-2518[(MTA-2518)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the `analyze` command on a MacOS machine does not work when Podman does not have enough memory. The analysis fails with timeout, without returning an error. 

To workaround this issue, set the Podman memory to at least 4GB. Podman on MacOS sets default memory to 2GB, which is not enough to run {ProductShortName}. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-2518[(MTA-2518)]
```

> .Custom rules do not work
> // Need more information. I don't really understand what is happening.
> 
> Running an analysis using a custom rule does not work. The link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-2015[(MTA-2015)]

Reviewer: If there's no workaround, I'd say so directly, for example "Currently, there is no workaround".

```suggestion
.Custom rules do not work during application analysis
// Need more information. I don't really understand what is happening.

Running an application analysis by using a custom rule does not work. Currently, there is no workaround. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-2015[(MTA-2015)]
```

> .`Applications` page loads slowly when there are many applications
> // Any more information?
> 
> When the Application Inventory has to list many applications, the page loads slowly. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-2497[(MTA-2497)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.The `Applications` page loads slowly when there are many applications
// Any more information?

When the Application Inventory has to list many applications, the page loads slowly. Currently, there is no workaround available. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-2497[(MTA-2497)]
```

.Tests fail when the `output.yaml` file is saved to a different directory than the default
// Copied to Resolved issues.

> When running a CLI command to analyze an application, the analysis requires saving the `output.yaml` file only in the default directory. Setting the analysis to save to a different directory causes the analysis to fail and return an error. list:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-2654[(MTA-2654)] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running a CLI command to analyze an application, the analysis requires saving the `output.yaml` file only in the default directory. Setting the analysis to save `output.yaml` to a different directory causes the analysis to fail and return an error. Currently, there is no workaround available. list:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-2654[(MTA-2654)] 
```
